README.md, before:

# WP Instructions

*THIS SOFTWARE IS BETA.*

WP Instructions lets you execute WordPress actions in human-readable format e.g. installing WordPress, activating plugins, etc. WP Instruction files can be provided to developers to ease local development setup and improve environment consistency.

## Requirements

* PHP 7.2+

## Install

Install WP Instructions with Composer like so:

```
composer require 10up/wpinstructions
```

## Usage

Instructions should be saved in a file named `WPInstructions`. Here is an example of an instructions file:

```
install wordpress where url is http://wp.test
Install plugin where name is distributor and url is https://github.com/10up/distributor.git and version is latest
install theme where name is twentynineteen
```

You can execute the instruction file via the command line like so:

```
./vendor/bin/wpinstructions run
```

Every instructions contains an `action` and a list of `options`. In the instructions file above, `install wordpress` is the action for the first command where `url` is an option. Each instruction supports different options.

## Supported Instructions

`install wordpress` 

__Options:__ *[version] [site title] [site url] [home url] [admin email] [admin user] [admin password] [install type=(multisite|single)] [path=(path to WP directory)]*

Installs WordPress. When using this instruction, you will need to pass the following parameters in via the command line: `--config_db_host`, `--config_db_name`, `--config_db_user`, `--config_db_pass`. For example:

```
./vendor/bin/wpinstructions run --config_db_host=localhost --config_db_name=wordpress --config_db_user=wordpress --config_db_pass=password
```

`install theme`

__Options__: *[theme name=(theme slug)] [theme version] [theme url] [theme status=(enabled|disabled)*

Installs a WordPress theme. `theme url` should be used for installing a theme via zip or git. `theme name` should match the theme slug.

`install plugin`

__Options__: *[plugin name=(plugin slug)] [plugin version] [plugin url] [plugin status=(active|network active|inactive)*

Installs a WordPress plugin. `plugin url` should be used for installing a plugin via zip or git. `plugin name` should match the plugin slug.

`add site`

__Options__: *[site title] [site url] [home url] [admin email] [admin user] [admin password]*

Add a site to a multisite instance. `site_url` and `home_url` are required as options.

`activate plugin`

__Options__: *[plugin name=(plugin slug)] [active type=(network|single)]

Activate a plugin.

`enable theme`

__Options__: *[theme name=(theme slug)]

Enable a theme.

## Examples

See examples in [EXAMPLES.md](EXAMPLES.md).

## Like what you see?

<a href="http://10up.com/contact/"><img src="https://10up.com/uploads/2016/10/10up-Github-Banner.png" width="850"></a>

Commit message:

add BETA support label and section to README.md

README.md, after:

# WP Instructions

> WP Instructions lets you execute WordPress actions in human-readable format e.g. installing WordPress, activating plugins, etc. WP Instruction files can be provided to developers to ease local development setup and improve environment consistency.

[![Support Level](https://img.shields.io/badge/support-beta-blueviolet.svg)](#support-level)

## Requirements

* PHP 7.2+

## Install

Install WP Instructions with Composer like so:

```
composer require 10up/wpinstructions
```

## Usage

Instructions should be saved in a file named `WPInstructions`. Here is an example of an instructions file:

```
install wordpress where url is http://wp.test
Install plugin where name is distributor and url is https://github.com/10up/distributor.git and version is latest
install theme where name is twentynineteen
```

You can execute the instruction file via the command line like so:

```
./vendor/bin/wpinstructions run
```

Every instructions contains an `action` and a list of `options`. In the instructions file above, `install wordpress` is the action for the first command where `url` is an option. Each instruction supports different options.

## Supported Instructions

`install wordpress` 

__Options:__ *[version] [site title] [site url] [home url] [admin email] [admin user] [admin password] [install type=(multisite|single)] [path=(path to WP directory)]*

Installs WordPress. When using this instruction, you will need to pass the following parameters in via the command line: `--config_db_host`, `--config_db_name`, `--config_db_user`, `--config_db_pass`. For example:

```
./vendor/bin/wpinstructions run --config_db_host=localhost --config_db_name=wordpress --config_db_user=wordpress --config_db_pass=password
```

`install theme`

__Options__: *[theme name=(theme slug)] [theme version] [theme url] [theme status=(enabled|disabled)*

Installs a WordPress theme. `theme url` should be used for installing a theme via zip or git. `theme name` should match the theme slug.

`install plugin`

__Options__: *[plugin name=(plugin slug)] [plugin version] [plugin url] [plugin status=(active|network active|inactive)*

Installs a WordPress plugin. `plugin url` should be used for installing a plugin via zip or git. `plugin name` should match the plugin slug.

`add site`

__Options__: *[site title] [site url] [home url] [admin email] [admin user] [admin password]*

Add a site to a multisite instance. `site_url` and `home_url` are required as options.

`activate plugin`

__Options__: *[plugin name=(plugin slug)] [active type=(network|single)]

Activate a plugin.

`enable theme`

__Options__: *[theme name=(theme slug)]

Enable a theme.

## Examples

See examples in [EXAMPLES.md](EXAMPLES.md).

## Support Level

**Beta:** This project is quite new and we're not sure what our ongoing support level for this will be. Bug reports, feature requests, questions, and pull requests are welcome. If you like this project please let us know, but be cautious using this in a Production environment!

## Like what you see?

<a href="http://10up.com/contact/"><img src="https://10up.com/uploads/2016/10/10up-Github-Banner.png" width="850"></a>
